I  think this talk is very appropriate for GopherCon because it touches on good principles and practical experience with the language in a professional environment, and shares a fun focused application of those principles. This will be an example driven talk.       

I will show  two non related visualization examples

1. I will demonstrate plotting of standard mathematical functions in Golang in both 2-D and 3-D format and also highlight how the ability to be able to visualize data is super conducive to understanding it.                           
 For doing plotting, I will be using [Glot](http://github.com/arafatk/glot) because I wrote it. After making and explaining a few plotting examples I will move on to doing a simple machine learning example using Tensorflow Golang or Gorgonia. The main reason I like Tensorflow Golang is because I am the author of [Tensorflow Ruby](https://github.com/somaticio/tensorflow.rb) and I was heavily involved with the development of Tensorflow Golang and I understand that project really well because I watched it develop from scratch since 2016.       
  I may also use a few other scientific computing packages like Gonum as helpers for my work and then after performing the computations in Tensorflow Golang, I will visualize it with Glot to establish an examples that highlights the importance of performing data analysis.

2. Next, I will move on to a another aspect of Golang that would be extremely helpful for CS educators in the future. As a software developer one of my most important realizations is that the skills I developed from understanding and implementing data-structures had many positive cascading effects on my career as a developer. Another interesting realization while trying to learn algorithms was that it was super hard and required a ton of external resources. I feel a lot of empathy for new programmers who are trying to learn algorithms and I decided to offer something to make their lives far more convenient. So I decided to write Dataviz which is a data visualization tool that helps us visualize and understand super complex data structures like Red Black Tree, BTree and others with Golang. So Dataviz is like your average algorithms library with the added ability to make super pretty visuals so that at any instance you can actually visualize your data  structure and watch it grow/shrink. Not only this, if you were to navigate through its source code you will find it super easy to understand the logic thereby making it a great tool for students.
